Welcome back.
I want to show you the greatest thing ever in computer science, especially when it comes to algorithms.
I'm going to link to this channel because I just think is the greatest thing ever.
Also, the comments are absolutely hilarious.
If you're a nerdy like me.
Somebody created a sort of algorithm dance playlist where they take different sorting algorithms and
show them how they work with some traditional music.
Let's say traditional Romanian music, traditional Hungarian music.
Traditional Transylvanian Saxon folk dance, and they show different sorts.
So you can check out bubble sort, which we've talked about or selection sort, which we're doing right
now to help you with your exercise and to write your own algorithms for the exercises.
Not only is the music just absolutely amazing.
It really, really helps you with how sorting algorithms work.
By the way, my favorite one is the quicksort one, which we're going to get into.
It's the best dance to see, especially if you do it at two x speed.
To speed.
These dancing's become really, really fun to watch and really help you up.
Anyway, this is a little fun thing to do with your exercises when you're trying to figure out how to
write and implement your own sorting algorithms.
I think this is the best way to visualize things, to show you how they work.